welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 10 episode 17.
that's right this is not season 11 yet
you may have heard that season 11 is
announced to be the final season for now
though this is the extended 10th season
we've got six bonus episodes so here we
go
this episode features maggie yes she's
back on the show remember she came back
right at the end of last episode to help
save father gabriel from the whisperers
she's got a cool new style wearing a
cowboy hat carrying a bow and arrow
first she has a chat with judith who is
cute and precocious as ever but the very
next person she sees
is negan negan's been on a bit of a
redemption arc but maggie hasn't seen
that last time she saw him he had killed
her husband glenn
this interaction is something i am super
excited for will he apologize will she
accept it but come on now it's the first
five minutes of the new episodes of
course they're gonna make us wait for it
maggie meets up with daryl
and carol and introduces her new friends
this one guy cole seems very normal but
this other guy elijah's the sweet ninja
wearing a mask
what's his deal now remember maggie was
the leader of hilltop and they break the
bad news to her that
hilltop was burned down yeah i remember
that big game of thrones style fight
with the whisperers and with the kingdom
fallen too it's like well i guess we'll
all just live in alexandria now first
though they have to go pick up the rest
of maggie's friend she brought with her
they're kept over a day away though so
they got to stop for the night they find
these shipping containers with a bunch
of zombies in them and you know it's
zombie killing time
yeah that night daryl comes for a talk
with maggie and she tells us a little
bit about where she's been the last six
years remember she left to go hang out
with georgie and the sunglass twins who
are apparently going around teaching
communities how to build windmills and
stuff and that's what she's been doing
cruising around finding communities
teaching them how to be self-sustainable
with ancient human technologies but
seems to be the rule in the walking dead
no community lasts forever something
always goes wrong they've all fallen
kelly came with them hoping to find her
sister connie who remember was trapped
in the mine back in the middle of the
season at the very end of last episode
we finally found out that connie did
survive but our group doesn't find her
yet finally we make it to maggie's camp
but it's all burned down oh they were
attacked apparently there's some evil
group they were running from called the
reapers
so they go out into the woods looking
for survivors or reapers a perfect
episode for coveted social distancing
filming because it's just daryl and
maggie wandering around the woods
looking suspenseful now elijah doesn't
talk he's the silent mysterious type
kelly tries to make friends with him and
he's gonna take off his mask oh what's
he got under there is he super scarred
or something crazy
oh he's just a normal dude eventually
they find some of maggie's friends but
they're not alone out here oh they're
being picked off one by one but finally
maggie tracks down the shooter oh some
big guy in a ghillie suit they have a
bit of a fight and this guy is tough but
eventually they get him surrounded
maggie tries to interrogate him who are
you are you with the reapers or are you
just some random loony but all he says
is pope marked you who's pope we'll find
out but for now this guy pulls out a
grenade goes to blow himself up
boom oh gross luckily though all of our
characters who are standing five feet
away are totally unharmed and now
finally maggie finds her son herschel
oh he's so cute he looks like little
glenn so now the gang makes it back to
alexandria which is a little worse for
the wear after beta brought his horde in
here but for now maggie is excited to be
home once again who are these new
threats of pope and the reapers and what
will go down between maggie and negan
find out next time on the walking dead
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member